Code Book
The very first column (position A if txt file is converted  and viewed as csv file) shows the identification number id for each of the 30 subjects under this study.
The second column ((position B if txt file is converted  and viewed as csv file) shows the activity label of each of the 6 activities traced for each subject under study.
The following items describe the content of the columns holding measurements (each number id represents the content of 3 sequential columns in the text fie):

1.	Mean of Mean body acceleration for the x, y, and z components, respectively (a column for each).
2.	Mean of Standard Deviation of body acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
3.	Mean of Mean gravitational acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
4.	Mean of Standard Deviation of gravitational acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
5.	Mean of Mean body acceleration jerk in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
6.	Mean of Standard Deviation of body acceleration jerk in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
7.	Mean of Mean rotational acceleration about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
8.	Mean of Standard Deviation of rotational acceleration about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
9.	Mean of Mean rotational acceleration jerk about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
10.	Mean of Standard Deviation of rotational acceleration jerk about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
11.	Mean of Mean magnitude of body acceleration.
12.	Mean of Standard deviation of magnitude of body acceleration.
13.	Mean of Mean magnitude of gravitational acceleration.
14.	Mean of Standard deviation of magnitude of gravitational acceleration.
15.	Mean of Mean magnitude of body acceleration jerk.
16.	Mean of Standard deviation of magnitude of body acceleration jerk.
17.	Mean of Mean magnitude of rotational acceleration.
18.	Mean of Standard deviation of magnitude of rotational acceleration.
19.	Mean of Mean magnitude of angular acceleration jerk.
20.	Mean of Standard deviation of magnitude of angular acceleration jerk.
21.	Mean of FFT of Mean body acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
22.	Mean of FFT of Standard Deviation of body acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
23.	Mean of FFT of Mean gravitational acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
24.	Mean of FFT of Standard Deviation of gravitational acceleration in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
25.	Mean of FFT of Mean body acceleration jerk in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
26.	Mean of FFT of Standard Deviation of body acceleration jerk in the x, y, and z components, respectively.
27.	Mean of FFT of Mean rotational acceleration about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
28.	Mean of FFT of Standard Deviation of rotational acceleration of x, y, and z components.
29.	Mean of FFT of Mean rotational acceleration jerk about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
30.	Mean of FFT of Standard Deviation of rotational acceleration jerk about the x, y, and z components, respectively.
31.	Mean of FFT of Mean magnitude of body acceleration.
32.	Mean of FFT of Standard deviation of magnitude of body acceleration.
33.	Mean of FFT of Mean magnitude of gravitational acceleration.
34.	Mean of FFT of Standard deviation of magnitude of gravitational acceleration.
35.	Mean of FFT of Mean magnitude of body acceleration jerk.
36.	Mean of FFT of Standard deviation of magnitude of body acceleration jerk.
37.	Mean of FFT of Mean magnitude of rotational acceleration.
38.	Mean of FFT of Standard deviation of magnitude of rotational acceleration.
39.	Mean of FFT of Mean magnitude of angular acceleration jerk.
40.	Mean of FFT of Standard deviation of magnitude of angular acceleration jerk.
